Test deployment locally with tmt (from packit branch) (#581)
packit/deployment: docs/deployment/testing-changes.md

Zuul provides a public key for every project. The ansible playbook downloads Zuul repository and pass the project tenant and name as parameters to encryption script. This script then encrypts files with public key of the project.
For more information please refer to [official docs](https://ansible.softwarefactory-project.io/docs/user/zuul_user.html#create-a-secret-to-be-used-in-jobs).

### Test Deployment locally with OpenShift Local

For using OpenShift Local you need a _pull secret_, download it here: https://console.redhat.com/openshift/create/local. Save it in a file called `secrets\openshift-local-pull-secret.yml` following this format:

```
---
pull_secret: <<< DOWNLOADED PULL SECRET CONTENT >>>
```

> Populate the `secrets` dir with all the other secrets.

Reviewer: could you please link here the docs for generating it as well (as in the beginning of this doc)?

> You _should use_ your own secrets but if you have access to `stg` secrets

Author: As for my experience I can not subscribe to the service from my network 😅... so I think there is no real problem but you are right that it could bring some headaches if there would be no network restrictions. If you want I can remove the sentence about the `stg` secrets...

you can also do:

```
DEPLOYMENT=stg make download-secrets
```

> Now you can create and start the OpenShift Local cluster (it take as long as an hour) in a Vagrant Virtual Machine with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can create and start the OpenShift Local cluster (it takes as long as an hour) in a Vagrant Virtual Machine with:
```

```
make oc-cluster-create
```

And once it is up and running you can test the `packit-service` deployment with the command:

```
make tmt-tests
```

> This command will sshed the virtual machine and run the tests there (`make test-deploy`),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will ssh into the virtual machine and run the tests there (`make test-deploy`),
```

or you meant something else?
